Added instruqt preview to guides (#1926)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/guides/federate_identity.md

##### User Provided Certificates

> A root certificate for a VirtualMesh must be supplied to Gloo Mesh as a Secret formatted as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe keep the naming warning here
```suggestion
For each VirtualMesh, provide a root certificate as a Kubernetes Secret that is formatted as follows. Note that the name/namespace of the provided root certificate cannot be `cacerts/istio-system`, because that is used by Gloo Mesh for carrying out the [certificate signing request (CSR)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_signing_request)) procedure
that unifies the root of trust across Meshes in the VirtualMesh.
```

  root-cert.pem: {root CA certificate file}
```

> In the top-level directory of the Istio installation package, create a directory to hold certificates and keys:

Reviewer: Instead of copying in the Istio doc, could we just link to it so that if they update it, we don't have to maintain it here? And then we can remove the rest of the steps.

```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
To steps to configure the Istio certificate authority, see the [Istio documentation](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/security/cert-management/plugin-ca-cert/).
{{% /notice %}}
```
